and in Washington DC protesters from an
anti-war group Jewish voice for peace
have stayed sit in inside a
congressional building a demonstrators
are calling for an immediate ceasefire
as the death tour rises in Gaza some
protesters wore shirts with the words
not in our name batty K Haan has more
from Capitol
Hill protesters are taking the pro
Palestinian cause to the US capital here
in the Canon house office building this
is where members of Congress and their
staff many of them have their offices
this happened earlier in the day I'd say
about five dozen maybe six dozen
activists wearing t-shirts that say not
in our name ju say a ceasefire now came
into Canon chanting they knew they would
be arrested now this all started at a
protest just a few blocks away earlier
in the day uh more than a thousand
people of really all Faith came out but
I did talk to One gentleman he said his
Grand his grandparents survived the
Holocaust helped build Israel but now he
says he felt the need to come out
because he does not believe the people
of what the people of his own religion
are doing to the Palestinians I see my
job as carrying on their legacy as Jews
who fundamentally see their role as
standing up for stateless and oppressed
people all throughout the world and I
see no better way to do that than
fighting for peace in a ceas fire in
Gaza today now as we take one more look
as the crowd as they start to get
arrested one by one being put in zip
ties this is going to be a misdemeanor
they are unlikely to face any sort of
jail time they'll probably pay a fine
but just to give you a sense of how
different this sentiment is from those
of the elected officials in these
buildings uh there was a resolution by
one representative asking Joe Biden the
US president to call for a ceasefire in
Gaza in all 13 members of Congress
agreed Patty fhan Al jazer at the US
capital s